i was actually timing my heartbeat i'm
thinking
something's about to go wrong here your
heart if my heartbeat hits about 150
something's wrong
these aren't laced with amphetamines are
they no no
[Music]
[Applause]
hey what's going on everybody for first
week feast i'm shawn evans and you're
watching hot ones it's the show with hot
questions and even hotter wings and
today we close out season nine with
stone cold steve austin he's a six time
wwf world heavyweight champion at wwe
hall of famer you can catch him on the
award-winning podcast the steve austin
show and he also has a new tv show it's
called straight up steve austin catch up
monday is 11 10 central after monday
night raw on the usa network stone cold
welcome to the show glad to be here man
it's uh gonna be a hell of an
extravaganza i don't know what i've just
gotten myself into but i'm ready to go
with you well i know that you're an
edina texas boy how do you handle your
spice man
in my environment back in the day i was
the toughest sob in the history of the
wwe
here in front of you i might be the
biggest [__] you've ever had on the
show that remains to be seen and that's
what we're about to find out
[Applause]
[Music]
oh it's already on there okay
i see that's good
so as a show that forces scorching on
chicken wings and our guests we're super
interested in this movement towards
experiential celebrity interviews do you
think all those years clicking with
wrestlers in the ring do you think that
gives you an advantage when it comes to
building chemistry with a tv show or
podcast guest you know being stone cold
steve austin back in the day a lot of
people think man this guy's a little bit
wound up he's a little bit over the edge
he's crazy you know he's always mad he
drinks a lot i drink a little bit
but uh i i i enjoy meeting people i
enjoy talking to people and and uh i'm
curious by nature the more you do
something the better better you get at
it so i'm hoping this season catches on
so i can apply what i've learned this
season into another season and keep
doing keep going from there but i don't
i don't think being a wwe superstar
necessarily you know made me a natural
at it
[Music]
i like the gradual kind of build up your
years yeah
we've got several to go here i like what
you're doing here
i know that there's the method to your
madness
and i've enjoyed watching the shows that
i've watched oh thank you you've seen it
so you do kind of know what you're
getting yourself into here absolutely
so being a global icon and a national
treasure the mythology around stone cold
steve austin it's so vast so i think
that it's only right early on in the
interview that we clear the air on some
of the lore surrounding the texas
rattlesnake
fact or fiction before you decided on
stone cold the wwf gave you a list of
possible nicknames that included fang
mcfrost chile mcfreeze and otto von
ruthless true this is way back in the
day i was living on 10 acres at a log
cabin outside georgia and i was watching
a special on hbo about richard kalinski
who was a serial killer he was a hit man
and i'm not endorsing anything he did
but he was just ruthless individual so i
said okay there's some trace there that
would make a good villain in the squared
circle
so i pitched the idea to the office and
the iceman had already been done at a
local level down in dallas by iceman
king parsons so we didn't want to go
down that road and so based on you know
the
my concept that i gave them they pitch
me temperature-based names and what
about being temperature based it's
cold-blooded you know like mean
remorseless
ruthless and so i was like you got to be
kidding me this is a creative genius
it's wwe i mean they're supposed to make
anybody uh and everybody and turn them
into a superstar
so the names were absolutely ridiculous
and i could not believe that that was
the best that they came up with is there
any truth to the rumor that a hundred
plus beers were consumed during that
beer bash in japan with stacey keebler
and the dudleys that is true now
actually all the weight consumed 12
ounce portions i don't know but spilled
i i added about 128 to i think it's
still a record but you you come out of a
session like that and like people say
hey man you wasted most that damn beer
that's the showbiz part of it if i was
just to sip it all and just drink it all
it'd be a horrible visual so you got to
get some on you but i'll tell you
there's been i don't know how many times
i would come out of that ring and you'll
leave with the bus yeah because you go
in there with an empty empty belly and
guzzle all that beer you're going to get
a bus fact or fiction you and booker t
caused ten thousand dollars worth of
damage to a grocery store brawling that
is indeed what i heard the total damage
was i believe that was called the green
frog i think it was in fresno california
if i'm not mistaken i think the store
closed down after not not because of
that but after that
and we had an absolute blast uh booker
and i have always had a chemistry going
back from our days in atlanta when we
both worked for wcw
he's one of the funniest guys i know and
i just had him on my podcast as a matter
of fact but yeah ten thousand dollars
worth of damage was the sum total fact
or fiction you let the caboose loose
while wrestling yokozuna in south africa
had to
a lot of times when you do international
traffic when you're doing international
travel and there's a dietary change
things happen
and man yolk man he was weighing you
know 600 plus pounds at the time and
when he picked me up and slammed me
things happened something went south and
luckily i was wearing black trunks and
yoko was so cool he's no longer with us
uh
god rest his soul but i was laying there
on the mat i just crapped my trunks and
i looked at him i said yolk let's go
home
go home as as russell speak for let's do
the finish and get out of here and he's
so cool he goes okay brah
and we did the finish i got beat and i
walked to the back and took a hell of a
shower
[Music]
shaquanda's
i don't want to be the level three to be
the one that makes me have a yokozuna
moment here on your show
this is a seeds finale but what a finish
it would be
got stone cold out here and he [__]
himself
what's our language parameters you can
go stone cold unleashed here okay okay i
don't want to go crazy this is starting
to get a little out there
i could barely put a tongue on that one
and i know that you're a driver's ed
teacher as a senior at north texas do
you have a biggest driving pet peeve
people don't use the blinkers number one
use your effing blinkers please i mean
you know and it's like
if someone's if someone's driving a car
it's real bad shape you think okay well
you know [__] the blinker's just broke
or the you know the light doesn't work
but then if it's someone in a real nice
car like a mercedes or bmw like oh he's
just an [__] he thinks he's entitled
he needs he doesn't have to use his
blinkers but that's my number one pet
peeve use your effing blinkers please
and then do you still have a problem
with rats on the ranch you know for a
while there they were chewing up your
chevy trucks and polaris rangers they
were a severe problem we never defeated
them
i sold the ranch about three years ago
and we're now based out of nevada of
course i'm now fortunate enough to be
driving kawasaki mules and they don't
touch my mules because there's not as
many up there for some reason and we
have a bunch of cats anybody in south
texas or in the remote areas you know
are dealing with rats and they are a
real problem you go out there to fire up
your car sometimes it won't fire your
lights don't fire so you always keep the
hood up you know you put steel wool in
your tailpipes you do the things you can
do best thing is
buy cats
pro tips from stone cold steve austin
are you ready to move on to number four
yeah you're reading me emma
in your eyes i can see it look at him
wait boy he's gonna stare down while
he's taking a bite out of his wings just
saying his first rodeo
is this gonna be the one that gets me
oh
so i know that you're a true student of
professional wrestling and you're always
very generous with your praise for those
who've come before you and after
pound for pound who was the most
physically impressive athlete during
your wrestling days
that my kid back in his day was very
cutting edge
just a snap suplexes diving off the top
ropes i mean he was really innovative
the way he did things the way he
executed things in the ring he would be
someone that i would put on a list that
i highly respected besides yourself who
had the best mic skills during the
attitude era you you can not
overlook the rock
when he first arrived on the scene he
was just good looking you know third
generation baby face and just people
just didn't take to him and nobody say
die rocky died die rocky dying they put
him in the nation of domination and he
ascended to the top of that organization
and he started wearing the the silk
shirts and he started referring to
himself in third person and working that
eyebrow
and he electrified and captivated crowds
with his catch phrases his cadence and
his delivery and his message and calling
everybody jabroni knowing your role
so yes i was an outstanding promo in my
own right and had my own style but rock
commanded the audience's respect
attention and enlisted the response that
he was looking for from them who had the
most insane pre-match ritual
[Music]
i don't know who had the most insane but
who had the simplest
was jake the snake roberts because it's
back in the day when he carried the
snake in the bag
the snake would be laying on say a trash
can with a flat top or maybe on the
floor and jake would be walking around
he never went to the gym and he'd be
smoking a cigarette
and all of a sudden they hit jake's
music
he'd take a final drag off that
cigarette
crush it out with his foot throw the
snake over his back and just walk to the
ring
no warm up no nothing that's how he did
it dragging on a cigarette
and once jake got in the ring he
commanded your respect and he had this
presence about him and he's one of the
most economic efficient workers out
there where he didn't do a whole lot but
everything he did meant something and he
was always working for that ddt so he
was phenomenal in that right but the
simplicity of his warm-up routine would
stand out more than the craziest routine
that i can think of
[Music]
all right stone cold we have a recurring
segment on our show called explain that
gram where we do a deep dive on our
guest instagram pull interesting
pictures that need more context so i'll
bust out the laptop i'll show you the
picture you just tell me the bigger
story does that sound good yup
all right
[Music]
here you are doing some work on the
ranch in all your years in ranching have
you ever flipped a tractor been bitten
by a snake when you think about broken
skull in the near emergencies is there a
story that stands out
there's a couple times when we're mowing
the ponds we would call them tanks in
texas a water hole
the the embankments are pretty damn
steep and i used to work for the highway
department when i was a kid you know so
i'm used to driving on the overpasses
and stuff like that i'm on the sides of
highways but there's there's a kind of a
pucker factor we'd call it and you're
dragging a 15-foot batwing shredder
behind you which kind of gives you a
little bit of a low center of gravity or
keeps you anchored to the ground but
just the fact that if you hit a a hog
waller or something like that you just
know that that tractor is going to flip
over and your ass is going to be upside
down in the water and ain't nobody going
to get you out of there so many many
near cases of that are just pucker
factor
uh never got bit by a rattlesnake i
heard a few and they have a very
distinct rattle when you're walking to
your deer stand and all of a sudden one
starts rattling at you and it's kind of
like that come to jesus moment and i
don't hear very well but you can hear
that i could hear damn rattlesnake you
know like like it's nobody's business
what do you remember about meeting
muhammad ali
paul lorndorf is the guy right there to
the to the left side of that picture he
actually took a pair of boxing gloves to
get muhammad ali to sign him but
muhammad ali was simply the greatest
boxer that ever lived in such a
charismatic personality that he had this
global
worldwide following of people who
absolutely loved him
i've never met anybody that said
anything bad about muhammad ali because
he was just universally loved by
literally everyone so it was really cool
to remember that i met the goat
sip of tequila for the working man do
you have a go-to margarita recipe oh
yeah so basically i'm working with a
three ounce shot glass got it i go
patron silver just because you can go uh
a higher grade tequila that's gonna be a
lot smoother but you're gonna need a
little bit of bite in that margarita so
three ounces of tequila they pour this
in a shaker about an ounce to an ounce
and a half
of triple sec
about an ounce to ounce and a quarter of
lime juice people get carried away with
lime juice most time when you go to
restaurants and you give you something
that just tastes like limeade and it
just kills you no can do that's the
biggest mistake rookies make or
bartenders that don't know their [__]
with
the margarita
just a spray of agave nectar just a few
drops so you shake that up in a shaker
right and then you pour it out on fresh
rocks and then you float about an ounce
of grand marnier on top and that's the
broken skull ranch margarita and each
one you drink is a triple so by the time
you drink two of my margaritas that's
six shots of tequila you're good
yeah now i'm not good but but you would
be good
heating up not hitting up
so when you're chatting with hulk hogan
on your podcast recently you guys are
talking about wrestling in japan and how
crazy it was in the 70s why does that
era why does that scene why does that
have such a special place in wrestling
insiders hearts just going back to the
old japan days that's when it was really
kind of still considered a shoot
you know walking back to the dressing
room many times you know like in kansas
city or harley race you know there's
guys you know stories of guys getting
stabbed and gaffed you know buy knives
from fans because they were so you know
bought into the fact of what they were
seeing if the hills were getting heat
or you know beating up the the good guys
and they really cared about those good
guys hell man a lot of times those bad
guys had to fight their way to the
dressing room and so that's it's those
old japan days memories like that that
harken up those fond memories of what
the business really was at its core
what were the fans in osaka like
compared to say a sold out crowd at the
dallas sportarium if you're working in
front of a japan crowd and you're from
the states they're very they're very
quiet
and certain things make them come or
fire up differently than a stateside
crowd would be so like maybe
these two guys work and there's complete
silence and one of them has a submission
hold on the other one and that one guy
gets to the ropes oh they'll start
they'll pop for that or if a guy's
starting to get kind of shelled on then
all of a sudden he just comes up with
this fire and starts you know responding
that gets that crowd
so much different from an uh from an
audible level of storytelling by
listening to the crowd
i don't hear very well but once you put
me in an arena full of 20 000 people if
the sun [__] up there and row 100 is
booing and everybody else is sharing i
know exactly where he's at and i and i'm
not i'm not worried about him but i'm
just saying that's how in tuned i am
with the crowd because you're always
reading a crowd whether you're going by
the script that everybody talks and is
talking about or you're calling it on
the fly you're listening to that crowd
because if you're not working that crowd
you're doing it wrong
hell i watched shaq come over here and
boy he was sweating bullets and gordon
ramsay was dropping f-bombs everywhere
and look at you
well
like i said i think there's a setup here
if those guys because i i haven't got a
chance i'd love to meet gordon ramsay i
met sean
but shaq was really
but he said he wasn't going to show any
faces
he did pretty good he maintained his
composure for a while but he started
sweating
[Music]
it's like people think i'll say
something profound here i was actually
timing my heartbeat i'm thinking
something's about to go wrong here your
heart if my heartbeat hits about 150
something's wrong
these aren't laced with amphetamines are
they no no yeah
i'm checking my my biological and
physiological responses as you're
sitting there looking at me we've got
them hooked up to the biometrics over
here okay uh yeah that that one's
starting to get there yeah yeah that
one's starting to get there uh i i know
i can go one deeper but that would i'm
feeling that one yeah
what you got for me so as a guy who
embraces the simple pleasures but also
has an appreciation for the things that
are badass i know that you're very proud
of the project you've done with el
segundo brewing company broken skull ipa
are you of the belief that the beer you
drink says something about the person
yes it does and i stand by that beer i
worked on that beer sitting at a table
just like this very much like this with
rob crocshaw the owner of elsa got no
brewing company and we decided to
collaborate on a beer
we had 10 to 15 beers on the table that
we both liked and or fancied or had some
quality to them and so as we were
drinking these beers i would explain to
him and i don't really necessarily speak
beer terminology but i'm a pretty good
expert at drinking beer
and i would explain okay this is hitting
me i like some a little bit more mid
palate some of them hit you two up front
or some linger too long some are too
bitter and i would explain the way each
beer
affected me or where it resonated with
me on my taste buds
and i was so proud to be down there in
tampa at their raw reunion and i got a
good buzz and i was proud to be drinking
my freaking beer after all these years
of drinking everybody else's
do i want to do this
for the people for season nine
boy baby the sales pitch
oh jesus you should have been a
wrestling promoter
i would love to do that
uh
my damn nose is running and i even got
it close to my mouth yet
how is it oh man
my lungs are burning
all right i'll do it i got to
[Music]
i'm showing my range here
anybody just take a bite out of it it's
like
no but you know what i wanted to ask you
something sure i'm kidding you i'm just
[__] with you
i'm timing my heart rate mm-hmm you ever
had anybody come out here and time a
heart rate they're the first one yeah i
mean nine seasons deep near the first
some people call me [__] up
i like to say unique it sounds better
so one of my favorite things about
listening to the steve austin show is
hearing you and other wrestlers talk
shop and trade war stories from your
years in the business and i've come to
figure out that wrestling lingo is the
best kind of lingo
what does color mean
[Music]
color means blood
what is cheap heat
cheap heat is
if you and me are working imagine i'm
the bad guy
and i would have spit on you that that's
cheap heat because anybody could have
done that
what do you mean when you say calling
high spots i would say a high spot is
you know now we need some motion we need
to do something to elicit response
tackle drop down hip toss
if i have you in the headlock you're
going to shoot me off you're going to
take the tackle
i'm going to run the ropes you'll drop
down i'm going to jump over you and then
you're going to hip toss me on the way
back so a high spot is movement within
the match what's a receipt a receipt is
i'll give you a great story if you lay
something in too hard then the other
person has got to send you a receipt
that says hey dude settle down
so anyway a long time ago
i was working with the big boss man ray
trailer ray trail is about six six three
hundred pounds he was a farmer's uh you
know uh prison guard and that was his
gimmick big boss man
and ray hit me with about six lefts you
know and referee earl hebner is kind of
sitting there watching he's kind of got
the [__] ground on his face he's
kind of smiling because he knows i'm
only going to take a few more
so finally i've decided i've had enough
so i picked up ray again ray 66 about
300 some odd pounds i sent him into the
ropes and i told him i said watch a
clothesline so when i tell the guy watch
the clothesline
normally you're going to hit a guy right
here you don't hit him in adam's apple
you just want to hit him here with
enough force so through through his axis
a pivot point he can take his bump
and land on his
back
here comes ray
six six
well i decided you know this was a
receipt i'm not going to give him a
clothesline
what i did i balled up my fist like that
with my forearm and as he was coming i
would bam i hit him right between the
eyes of my forearm with everything i had
and big ray went down and he's on his
hands and knees and those hands on his
knees he's damn as tall as i am and but
he looked up at me like this and it was
almost like a saturday morning cartoon
with stars going around his uh head like
this and he had to smile on his face
because he knew he [__] up and he goes
okay
and he was recognized in the fact that i
gave him a receipt
and he didn't tee off on me for the rest
of the night
all right stone cold hold on we got damn
heart rate's about 130.
[Music]
i'm still in a safe zone
i should have worn my heart rate monitor
[Music]
tell me about this one this is the
chocolate plague
from pucker butt pepper company
see
did you need to know all that
well it tells me what's going to happen
tomorrow
okay i was trying to give him my receipt
story and that sentence was kicking my
ass so i gave you i tell that story in a
much better fashion but my mouth was on
fire so i didn't get there
that's great
is is milk my friend at this point
mozart
sipping milk for the working man
is this going to be hotter than a summit
i just ate
it will not
you're such a liar
i wouldn't lie to you i'd be an idiot to
lie to you in this situation but is it
is it going to compound the fact that
i've got a residual this building i
think that we're already past the point
of no return
you know it's like we've we've been
drenched in a shower who cares if it
rains
you're so full of [__] it's unbelievable
i'm buying it i'm going with you
i know i shouldn't but i'm going to
[Music]
and i'm not i'm not a hot person
could have fooled me you're doing great
[Music]
do you have a favorite wwe raw cameo
from a non-wrestler the mike tyson stuff
was always very compelling i love doing
business mike
when he came down and uh vince mcmahon
introduced him a long time ago in the
middle of the ring and he was going to
referee the match between myself at sean
michaels at wrestlemania 14.
and i came down there and got in his
face flipped him off and he pushed me
and i tried to get back at him and i was
trying as we would say going back to
wrestlemania for a shoot to get back at
him of course i didn't want to get back
at him but it had to look real and it
was
[Music]
but when he pushed me
all of these hundred dollar bills just
flew out of his suit if you go back on
youtube watch it and you'll watch all of
his handlers down on hands and knees
picking up 100 bills
and i'm kicking and scratching and
briscoe slaughter all the guys are
holding me back but work with mike tyson
because he's such a fan of the business
and a historian of the business and he
actually probably knew more about the
history of the business than a lot of
the guys that were backstage but just
him him by himself as a person i just
love the guy all right stone cold
oh
[Music]
this is the last dab we call it the last
dab because it's tradition around here
to put a little extra on the last wing
you don't have to if you don't want to
i love the way you just toss it up to me
so i can either puss out or go down
swinging with you you sorry son of a
[__]
there you go
[Music]
tell me what i'm about to get myself
into well it's describe death to me
into grim reaper here's what i'm saying
i think that you have gone you know
we're approaching the peak you know of
this spice mountain that we're climbing
together yes and i don't see a drop of
sweat on you you know i've i've stared
across this table for so many crazy
things from people doing laps to
spitting in buckets to pouring milk up
their nose to dumping water over their
head and you are just calm cool and
collected telling amazing wrestling
stories and pounding chicken it's
absolutely a sight to behold and it's a
lovely segue to this last question okay
what is it
first we feast
gotta be spreading on there yeah there
you go
better remove
you wanna do this together yeah
cheers steve
all right stone cold steve austin here
we are at the end of our tag team match
against the wings of death but before we
go just one more finishing move before
they hit the bell
i know that you take a lot of pride in
your ability to cut a promo and for good
reason you're one of the best who's ever
done it and then that austin 316 it's
still a household catchphrase some 25
years later so with that in mind i'm
curious
what is your message to the people out
there including some on your old team
who thought that you'd get suplexed
today by the wings of death
[Music]
i watched gordon ramsey i watched shaq
and those guys were sweating bullets and
cussing and raising all kinds of hell so
for me to be able to wing this no pun
intended have a wonderful sit-down
conversation with you who obviously does
a shitload of research was one of the
defining moments of my entire life wow
well i am humbled beer me chris
[Music]
a toast to season nine into you stone
cold steve austin
thank you for having me on my on your
show and congrats on nine seasons i hope
i can very much straight up steve austin
[Music]
well now you know what steve there's
nothing left to do but roll out the red
carpet for you my friend this camera
this camera this camera let the people
know what you have going on in your life
hey my name is stokol steve austin i'm
sitting here with sean i just got
finished doing the season finale of hot
ones and i had a blast doing it my mouth
is on fire i got a podcast they drop
twice a week on podcast one and itunes
and whatever major podcast platforms
there are i'm also got a badass beer out
called steve austin's broken skull ipa
and right now august 12th was the season
premiere for straight up steve austin my
show on usa network it is every monday
night after monday night raw and i hope
you will tune in set your dvrs because i
love doing this show so much i'd love to
be able to be as successful as you are
and get nine plus seasons out of it i've
had a good time here and that's the
bottom line because i said so
[Music]
great job steve great job thank you man
so
[Music]
hey what's going on hot ones fans this
is sean evans checking in with a very
exciting hot sauce update our first ever
collaborative sauce it's here 88 rising
first we feast joining forces to make
dragon in the clouds you saw me joji and
rich brian mixing it up in the cauldron
yuzu from japan sacha and peppercorn
from china and of course you know your
boy brought the heat but don't worry we
got some professionals together to make
sure this stuff is fda approved
extremely limited very quality and
something
we're super proud of if you want to get
your hands on dragon in the clouds visit
88nightmarket.com that's
88nightmarket.com
don't miss your chance the dragon
can fly away
[Music]
you